How is it? How much does this curry cost?
One, one, one, one, one, one,
One, one, five dollars, one dollar,
Ten million, one, right? Hahaha
How come it can't be one dollar?
What?
One by one!
What? Impossible? Impossible? Impossible? Impossible?
It’s really Mr. Gao, really one by one,
No, nothing wrong at all
Looking at it now, there might be something else wrong with it to clear things up a bit.
Although we talk about being strong and doing things, we are left with only one thing to do
But in Jiangzhou
It’s also a shameful thing
Clean nature
working hard
Tall and big, everyone hears it!
You ask him for something from you
I went and took the pump boy
You haven't seen it yet
Was working just now
We all see it clearly
increasingly auxiliary
Could you please clarify the meaning of the pipe gun?
It’s 50 million, really
I can't get so much money now
You have always worked for Gao Jie in a big company
You can find a solution for my money
Let's go to Linggao City and collect the goods, right?
But we Gao Jia cheered